two types of protocols
	communication protocol - IP,ARP
	supporting protocol - ICMP,TCP,UDP and more
range in TCP/IP protocol - 0-255
arp response is not broadcast message only request.
http 304 code - not modified browser will take the cache
DHCP 67,68(client68)- DHCP server provide ip address based on DORA
D- discover is broadcast msg send from the client to DHCP server
O - offer/ to client machine/unicast(data like ip addr,ip gateway)
R- request client to DHCP server
A - acknowledge (server to client/unicast)

DNS - port 53 bot UDP and TCP
if DNS req packet is less than 512 bytes it is based on UDP
if DNS req packet is more than 512 bytes it is TCP
dns uses TCP in zone transfer. zone transfer happens between primary and secondary domain controller to get all the records.
dns resolver
Root DNS server - 13 are available
TLD server/authortative DNS server 
DNS zone transfer 
let two DNS servers exchange their zones. this is needed for redundancy.
company can have backup dns server. zone transfer is activity to pass down all the records from primary domain name server to secondary domain name.
you can use different mechanisms for DNS zone transfer but simplest one is AXFR.it is a client initiated request. therefore you can edit information on the primary DNS server and then use AXFR from the secondary DNS server to download the entire zone. 

FTP - offering uploading and downloading the files(port 20 and 21/ 20 is used for the connection and port 20 is used for actual data transfer)
telnet - port 23/ access device remotely.
smpt - client connect to the SMTP server on port 25 and veriy the credentials.
POP3(110) or IMAP(143) these protocols are used to retrive the email from server.
