Host discovery attack - ICMP protocol
	used to find the online system in the network
	various method for host discovery
	-by sending ICMP packet
	-by sending TCP packet- attacker send syn packet. server replies with SYN+ACK packet. server is online. attacker send SYN packet. server replies with RST packet. server is offline. 
	-by sending UDP packet - attacker send udp packet to server. if no reply came from server then server is up. if destination port unreachble msg is sent to attacker then server is down.
	-by sending ARP request.- tool send multiple ARP request and forward the packets to the ip address range. if any ip exist system will response the MAC address.
	-angry ip scanner - tool used to find how many live systems in the network. 

Port scanning
horizontal - scan against a group of IPS for a single port. 
vertical - scan a single ip for multiple ports.
methods 
	SYN scan - does not complete the three way handshake(if open system reply SYN+ACK/ if system is closed reply RST+ACK)
	full connect scan
	FIN scan- send a packet with FIN flag only(if RST,ACK received port is closed)
	Xmas scan - send combination of flags URG+PSH+FIN
	Idle scan - no flag only the blank packet
vulnerability scanning
ARP poisoning(CAM table poisoning)
DDOS 
	attacker send the command to the command and control center.  and further command will send to the botnet infected users. then all botnets will launch DDoS.
DDoS methods
	UDP flood
	icmp flood
	SYN flood
	HTTPs flood
	amplification attack - this method increase the size and impact of DOS/DDOS attack by 50 * time or more / to amplify the attack with using different vectors like DNS/NTP
	DNS amplification
	NTP amplification